(Olivia Hye blushing in front of the camera!)
Olivia Hye: I'm still nervous...
Olivia Hye: I don't know what should I do yet...
Olivia Hye: (However) I'll try my best!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)
(The girls are talking about the meaning of a shadown while Olivia Hye is filming!)
Choerry: I guess that is the shadow of Go Won!
Choerry: Well... because...
Choeery: The shadow was trying to run away in Go Won's music video
Yves: Our shawdows were appeared in the video
Yves: But the shadow of Go Won was not appeared in the video.
Choerry: I think the shadow is that shadow, Adam! (Olivia Hye)
Yves: Then Adam is a shadow, right?
Choerry: Adam who wants to be a human!
Choerry: ...A shadow which wants to be a human!'
(It's just Choerry's thoery!)
Kim Lip: She keeps trying to reason~
Choerry: Goosebumps~